--- 
categories: 
  - miscellaneous
comments: true
layout: post
published: true
status: publish
tags: []
title: tips
type: post
---
<div id="msgcns!3725CC0EE38B1F6!755" class="bvMsg">The way you begin your workday sets the tone for the rest of the day, not only at work but also at home. A few simple measures taken at the start of the day can make all the difference to how it ends.<br><br>Limit your work-starting routine to 15 minutes. <br><br><br>Write two to-do lists. The first should contain everything that you need to get done soon. It should be a comprehensive list of short-, medium-, and long-term projects and work, and you should constantly adjust it. The second to-do list should be what you can reasonably expect to get done today, and today only. Be fair to yourself. Factor in the disruptions, meetings, phone calls, and travel hassles that are interwoven in our days. Make the tasks as specific as possible (i.e., conduct online research for ostrich meat market) and assign a time you plan to devote to it (20 minutes). Print the list out on brightly colored paper; this keeps it from getting lost on your desk. By prioritizing your work and slicing it down to small, achievable pieces, you greatly increase the chances that you will be satisfied with your day's accomplishments.<br><br> Set your watch or computer alarm to go off every hour.<br><br><br> Plug in your cell phone as soon as you get to work.<br><br>Find a compliment you've received from a freind.<br><br><font face="Times New Roman, serif">People
drink water. Some with golden cups, some wooden ones, or just bare
hands. So feeling should be different. ah. First ones feel their life
could not be better, for they are using golden cups. Sadness and
jealous fills the second type because of unaffordability the precious
cups. Only the third class people could say, damn it, I am not
thirsty any more.</font>
<br>
</div>
