---
author: linpx
date: '2005-03-01 07:54:58'
layout: post
slug: '%e6%88%91%e7%9a%84complain%e5%90%88%e9%9b%86'
status: publish
title: 我的complain合集
wordpress_id: '368'
---

To ECONOMIST Dear Sir or Madam:

I subscribe to economist printing edition on 4th Feb, the order number is:
351716. according to the notice, I was suppose to receive my customer
reference number and have it added to my account details to transform my 40
days temporary account into a one year long subscription in 28 days.

It is already almost one month; I received no printing edition nor customer
reference number at all. If it is because of my failure to give the right
mailing address, I want to have it reconfirmed.

My mailing address: TLBU, 300, Naeyu-dong, Dukyang-ku, Kyunggi-do, Seoul,
412-751, Korea

Otherwise, please let me know if something went wrong.

Sincerely yours, Lin Pengxuan (account name: penny_lin2@hotmail.com)

To BOC China Dear Sir or Madam:

I have some problems when using my credit card, and It would certainly be a
great help for me if you can give advice.

I applied for my great wall credit card in Fujian Province, mainland.
According to the staff there, my card is issued by the BOC Hong Kong Branch.

I am now in South Korea. And it happened to me that sometimes my card works,
sometimes doesn’t. this is really awkward sometimes I can’t pay the bill by
greatwall card. Even more, when I order something from US, retailer there told
me my card was declined.

I don’t know why, but if you can help me, I really appreciate that. Let me
know if further details are required.

  
To TIME To those who may concern,

I made a subscription of the time asia online edition, which cost me 48,300
won. After I paid my bill by VISA, I still cannot have an instant access to
the time asia archive, which as advertised in website. I still don¡¯t know
something as follows: 1, whether I made a payment or not. 2, my account
number. 3, how soon will I receive my first print issue? 3, other related
information about the subscription.

Can you help me? If not, please tell me who I should turn to.

My address as in the order form is: TLBU, 300, Naeyu-dong, Dukyang-ku,
Kyunggi-do, Seoul, 412-751, Korea

The subscriber is: Lin Pengxuan

Sincerely£¬ Lin Pengxuan

