---
author: linpx
date: '2005-11-10 00:24:46'
layout: post
slug: viva-group-1
status: publish
comments: true
title: viva group 1
wordpress_id: '311'
---

  

Lin Pengxuan

  

I would also like to express my gratitude to all my group members, you are
always generous and supportive to all the other members. With the same feeling
as Both and khieng, I would like to keep this good time into my memory as a
token not for the past but a brand new start. So why not we, you know, keep
doing kitchen things later, we got chef, we got cleaning team we got
supermarket here, why not.

And I hate to say this, but you guys are sweet.

  

  

Both

  

Dear all my lovely members,

  

I am delighted to be one of the members in groupe I, because we have a great

people in our group and at the same time i have leaned alot from all of you.

it was a sweet memories for me to share this precious moment with all of you

(successful future leaders). I really mean it:)

  

I personally would like to say sorry to all our group members of any

unintentional mistakes that i had made during the field study and other

times and i hope that no one got hurt ha...? because i used to play alot

with our group members.

Op...., i tell you one thing i am trying to be a better man now? do you

think so?

Nothing to hide in my heart:)

  

I love you all of my heart

  

Triple B

  

  

  

Huy Khieng

  

Dear all,

  

I totally agree with Liao Li on your effort and cooperation to make this field
study the best one, especially for our group 1. Everyone has different
specialty, but all together make the group and the whole field study
enjoyable, fruitful and, more importantly, wonderfull.

  

Forgive me for not being able to mention the effort each of you made during
the field study (for I am not very good at praising people :)))  ) I cherish
and keep every of your good things, good characteristics, kindness.... in my
mind and heart rather than speaking them out, but as some of you have
experienced that I would talk something I don't like about you face to face.
Therefore, forgive me for all the mistakes I made, anger I had, inconvenience
I caused... to all of you so far.

  

Honestly, I was very worried about joining group 1 at first. The reason is
that I am too negatively serious and sober, cannot provide any fun and happy
environment, do not have a very friendly and good relationship with all of you
(100%). In other words, I have quite different characteristics from most of
you. That's totally my problem. Fortunately, I have learnt a lot from each of
you. Though I cannot change myself totally as what president mentioned in the
meeting (less individualistic or be examplar), I am very happy to learn from
you this time and would be very very extra grateful for your effort and
example to keep changing me.

  

Enjoy the our TLBU family relationship!

  

Very Best Regards,

  

Khieng

  

  

  

  

  

liao li

  

>Dear group 1 members,

>  Finally we came back and enjoyed our field study together.I was

>very happy to be with all of you.During this one month, I saw that

>all of you have many shining spots.I learned much from you and thank

>you for all of your help.Everything we did was the best,I believe.

>  Thanks for our Tu-co's contribution and sacrifice,especially the

>duck,hehe.Thanks for Khieng and peiyang's effort to find the right

>way every time.Thanks for pengxuan's carefully taking care of

>everybody on the way and the great cleaning job.Thanks for Both's

>kind-hearted taking pictures for all of us and cutting chicken and

>meat,we felt very happy to be with you.Thanks for Jiani's great

>washing dishes with pengxuan and we enjoyed ur beauty in the

>trip.Thanks for Queen's delicious food cooking and should punish you

>for making us all get weight especially my stomach felt

>angry,hehe(joking:) ).Thanks for tiantian's best serving on the

>table and ur computer for me and Queen.Thanks for qiulin's chinese

>dishes and ur smile on your red tomato face,hehe.And at last also

>thanks for my best cutting and my quickest eating,oh,also my 2

>birhtday cakes,hehe.

>  Finally I suggest all of us first pick out our individual pictures

>keeping by ourselves and collect all the pictures of the others and

>then send them to Both. After Both received , he can send all to

>each of us. We can choose by ourselves.

>  Group 1, the best!

>  Enjoy ur time ~_~

>  Love you all!

>         LIAO LI

