---
author: linpx
date: '2006-01-03 02:16:27'
layout: post
slug: tips
status: publish
comments: true
title: tips
wordpress_id: '267'
categories:
- miscellaneous
---

The way you begin your workday sets the tone for the rest of the day, not only
at work but also at home. A few simple measures taken at the start of the day
can make all the difference to how it ends.

  
Limit your work-starting routine to 15 minutes.

  
  
Write two to-do lists. The first should contain everything that you need to
get done soon. It should be a comprehensive list of short-, medium-, and long-
term projects and work, and you should constantly adjust it. The second to-do
list should be what you can reasonably expect to get done today, and today
only. Be fair to yourself. Factor in the disruptions, meetings, phone calls,
and travel hassles that are interwoven in our days. Make the tasks as specific
as possible (i.e., conduct online research for ostrich meat market) and assign
a time you plan to devote to it (20 minutes). Print the list out on brightly
colored paper; this keeps it from getting lost on your desk. By prioritizing
your work and slicing it down to small, achievable pieces, you greatly
increase the chances that you will be satisfied with your day's
accomplishments.

  
 Set your watch or computer alarm to go off every hour.

  
  
 Plug in your cell phone as soon as you get to work.

  
Find a compliment you've received from a freind.

  
  
  

People drink water. Some with golden cups, some wooden ones, or just bare
hands. So feeling should be different. ah. First ones feel their life could
not be better, for they are using golden cups. Sadness and jealous fills the
second type because of unaffordability the precious cups. Only the third class
people could say, damn it, I am not thirsty any more.

  

